# Privacy Policy

Last updated: April 01, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    
*   **Application** refers to Trail it, the software program provided by the Company.
    
*   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Trail it.
    
*   **Country** refers to: Denmark
    
*   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    
*   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    
*   **Service** refers to the Application.
    
*   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    
*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

Personal data is not collected when using the Service.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is not collected when using the Service.

### Use of Your Personal Data

We do not collect your Personal Data.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By email: biho@create.aau.dk
